docs(calling): Spark 787601 templates (#4784)
webex/webex-js-sdk: packages/calling/ai-docs/templates/new-module/01-pre-questions.md

---

## 2. API Contract (MANDATORY)

Ask the user to define every backend API endpoint the module will call:

> **For each endpoint, provide:**
>
> | Field | Description | Example |
> |-------|-------------|---------|
> | **HTTP Method** | GET, POST, PUT, PATCH, DELETE | `GET` |
> | **Path** | URL path pattern | `/history/userSessions?from={date}&limit={limit}` |
> | **Service** | Which Webex service (mobius, janus, hydra, identity, etc.) | `janus` |
> | **Request Body** | TypeScript type or shape of request payload | `{ endTimeSessionIds: EndTimeSessionId[] }` |
> | **Success Response** | TypeScript type or shape | `{ statusCode: number; data: { userSessions: UserSession[] }; message: string }` |
> | **Error Responses** | Expected error codes and meanings | `400 Bad Request, 401 Unauthorized, 404 Not Found` |

Example format:

```
Endpoint 1: getRecordings
  Method: GET
  Path: /recordings?from={date}&limit={limit}
  Service: janus
  Request: query params only (date: string, limit: number)
  Response: { statusCode: number; data: { recordings: Recording[] }; message: string }

>   Errors: 400, 401, 404, 500

Reviewer: Example doesn't talk about meanings.

Author: Updated

```

---

## 3. Event Contract (MANDATORY if the module emits or listens to events)

If the module does NOT use events, the user may write "None" and skip this section.

> **a) Does the module emit events to consumers?**
> If yes, list each event:
>
> | Event Key | Direction | Payload Type | Description |
> |-----------|-----------|-------------|-------------|

> > | `moduleName:event_name` | Outbound (to consumer) | `EventPayloadType` | When this fires |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> | `moduleName:event_name` | Outbound (to consumer) | `EventPayloadType` | When is this fired? |
```

Author: Updated

> - If yes, describe what data is cached and the invalidation strategy
> - Reference: Voicemail uses `storeVoicemailList` / `fetchVoicemailList` for caching

---

## Completion Gate

All MANDATORY sections must be answered before proceeding. Verify:

- [ ] Module name is PascalCase and unique within `src/`
- [ ] Placement type is chosen (top-level, sub-module, or single-file)
- [ ] At least one API endpoint is defined with method, path, request, response, and error codes
- [ ] Event contract is defined (or explicitly marked "None")
- [ ] Multi-backend decision is made (single or multi with specific backends listed)
- [ ] Exposure model is defined (what gets exported from `src/api.ts`)

---

## Spec Summary Template

Once all questions are answered, compile the specification into this format:

```
MODULE SPECIFICATION
====================
Name:        {ModuleName}
Placement:   {top-level | sub-module of X | single-file}
Purpose:     {one-sentence description}

API CONTRACT
------------
Endpoint 1: {methodName}
  HTTP:     {GET|POST|PUT|DELETE}
  Path:     {url pattern}
  Service:  {mobius|janus|hydra|...}
  Request:  {type shape}
  Response: {type shape}

>   Errors:   {status codes}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Errors:   {status code1} - {reason1}, {status code2} - {reason2}, ..., {status codeN} - {reasonN},
```

Author: Addressed
